Properties supported by the Soccer mod
--------------------------------------

2. 3. 2007 Branislav Repcek


Properties that are to be read by the Soccer mod have to pre prefixed by the Soccer1 tag.

1. Playground specification
---------------------------

playground:   all squares on the map, that compose area of the playfield have to be marked with this property.
              This property can be freely combined with any other properties. If one ball leaves designated playfield
              area an out will occur and all balls in the game will be reset to their starting position after the short
              delay.
              This property does not have any value.
            
            
2. Ball
-------

football:     every object containing this property will be considered a ball. This property can only be specified on
              a dynamic object. Every object designated as a ball will be tested each frame against areas of the home cages
              of both teams and score will be changed as needed.
              This property does not have any value. Radius of the ball calculated as half of the side of the bounding box
              of the object.


3. Teams
--------

team_id:     this property marks object as object that belongs to the specified team. This property has to have value. 
             Allowed values are 0 (for read team) and 1 (for blue team). This property should only be used in conjunction
             with goal area and start position specification properties.


4. Goal areas
-------------

home:        this property marks object as home cage. Each team can have unlimited number of home cage objects. Home cage
             objects have to be static. Bounding box of the object is considered as a goal area - all dimensions are considered, 
             so thisproperty should not be used on flat objects (objects with zero height).
             This property has to be used in conjunction with the team specification property team_id. This property has no value.
           
score_award: this property can be used to define custom score that is awarded to the scoring team. This property has to have
             value. Valid values are integers. Negative numbers and zero are allowed.
           
           
5. Starting positions
---------------------

All properties in this section have to be used in conjuntion with the team specification property team_id.

start_pos:   this property marks square as a starting area for the specified player. Value of the property has to be an integer
             greater or equal to zero. If no value is specified, default value of 0 is used.
             Value of the property is an index of the player that will be placed on this area. Players from the team designated
             via team_id property are then placed on the areas in ascending order (that is, first player from the team will be 
             placed on the are with the smallest index and so on). Note that indeices of areas on the map may not be unique. 
             If two or more indices are the same, players are placed areas they mark in random order.
             This property has to be used only on static objects.

start_rot:   rotation of the player placed on the area. This property has to be used in conjuction with start_pos and team_id
		     properties. Value of the property is rotation of the car in degress around the vertical axis. 
		     Valid values are floating point (or integer) numbers in range 0 to 360. If no value is specified, default value of 0 will be used.
		   
Full specification of the start position field therefore is:

Soccer1: team_id=<id>, start_pos[=<index>], [start_rot[=<angle>]];

where <id> is team identification
      <index> is index of the area
      <angle> is rotation angle of the car

Index specification in the start_pos property can be omitted. Angle specification in the start_rot property can be omitted.
If start_rot property is not specified, its value is assumed to be the default value.